MOHANED REEL REFERENCE LAB

REFERENCE:
nothing will change unless you change something.

CREATOR:
Danny Fisher

DURATION:
112.389144 seconds

REFERENCE PAGE:
https://mohaned-reel-reference-lab.blsi.chatgpt.site/references/d72d5480-a976-4f72-999c-8d1415adbca0

ORIGINAL VIDEO:
https://mohaned-reel-reference-lab.blsi.chatgpt.site/api/references/d72d5480-a976-4f72-999c-8d1415adbca0/video

VISUAL REVIEW PDF:
https://mohaned-reel-reference-lab.blsi.chatgpt.site/references/d72d5480-a976-4f72-999c-8d1415adbca0/review.pdf

ANALYSIS JSON:
https://mohaned-reel-reference-lab.blsi.chatgpt.site/references/d72d5480-a976-4f72-999c-8d1415adbca0/analysis.json

TRANSCRIPT:
You need to wake up. You need to wake up and get serious now. And do not skip this video, do not save it and and do nothing about it. Do not let the dumbasses in the comment section and say it's not that serious. Bro, convince you that it's not serious because it is serious. The life that you want is waiting for you. It's it's waiting for you. But you sitting there wishing, manifesting that it's going to just happen, that you're going to just magically win the lottery without going out and buying a lottery ticket. You think that that your your life's just going to happen like that and you're waiting and you're waiting, you're waiting. It's not. And most people will stay stuck because they're thinking so much about the work that it's going to take to get them to the point they want to get to rather than actually doing it. I'm guilty of this, thinking about all the things that I have to do to get to my goal and I'm like, it feels like I'm busy. It feels like I'm busy when when in reality I'm more busy thinking about the stuff I got to do than actually doing it. How many times a day do you pick up your phone mindlessly, clicking on the apps and start scrolling and then you put it down, you pick it up the second that your thoughts start getting uncomfortable, then you think you have a focus problem. News flash, everybody has ADHD. You're not special because you can't focus. Nobody can focus. The issue is not even a focus problem. It is you don't have a target you're trying to hit. You have shiny object syndrome the second that you pursue something you're like, oh, this is too much work. I'm going to go right back to my bad habits. And you know that I'm, you know that that's true. You don't need more focus pills, you don't need the new supplements, you don't need the new app, you don't need anything else aside from a pen and paper writing down your goal and writing out what you're going to do that day to get closer to that goal. That's all it takes. That's all it takes and you have to hear this today. If you're watching this, you have to hear this. It is that serious.

TRANSCRIPT TIMING:
Unavailable; do not infer frame-to-speech alignment

CAPTION:
nothing will change unless you change something.
