MOHANED REEL REFERENCE LAB

REFERENCE:
I’ve always been afraid to chase my dream. I’ve never even said it out loud until this video. I want to make documentari

CREATOR:
Christian Ely

DURATION:
56.583333 seconds

REFERENCE PAGE:
https://mohaned-reel-reference-lab.blsi.chatgpt.site/references/aacb0d09-600f-48f1-bfac-1b6cb4a6cda6

ORIGINAL VIDEO:
https://mohaned-reel-reference-lab.blsi.chatgpt.site/api/references/aacb0d09-600f-48f1-bfac-1b6cb4a6cda6/video

VISUAL REVIEW PDF:
https://mohaned-reel-reference-lab.blsi.chatgpt.site/references/aacb0d09-600f-48f1-bfac-1b6cb4a6cda6/review.pdf

ANALYSIS JSON:
https://mohaned-reel-reference-lab.blsi.chatgpt.site/references/aacb0d09-600f-48f1-bfac-1b6cb4a6cda6/analysis.json

TRANSCRIPT:
The problems that you ignore will haunt you until you confront them. I've always been slightly embarrassed about sharing my professional work as a filmmaker. I've been running a video business for 11 years, and I think in some way I've chosen to take the safe route and that is why my portfolio has looked the way that it does. Safe, but I've always had a bigger dream. And it's a dream I've been afraid to define and then actually chase. So I'm going to say something for the first time that it feels so silly to say. I'm Christian. I've been making videos since I was nine years old and I have a dream to make a full living creating documentaries and commercials as a director and a DP. Nothing happened. I always wish people would just trust that I would rise to the level of quality that they were looking for, but my portfolio has always spoken for itself. So today, I'm changing that. I'm going to document my journey on here and show you that if other people do it, then you can too. I love you.

TRANSCRIPT TIMING:
Unavailable; do not infer frame-to-speech alignment

CAPTION:
I’ve always been afraid to chase my dream. I’ve never even said it out loud until this video. I want to make documentaries and commercials as a director and DP. Follow to see my journey. I believe we’ll get there. I love you.
