MOHANED REEL REFERENCE LAB

REFERENCE:
Keep reading 

CREATOR:
Ryan Moresby-white

DURATION:
85.151818 seconds

REFERENCE PAGE:
https://mohaned-reel-reference-lab.blsi.chatgpt.site/references/53bf6dc8-5ffa-4fdb-8d96-96c6b5a4afc9

ORIGINAL VIDEO:
https://mohaned-reel-reference-lab.blsi.chatgpt.site/api/references/53bf6dc8-5ffa-4fdb-8d96-96c6b5a4afc9/video

VISUAL REVIEW PDF:
https://mohaned-reel-reference-lab.blsi.chatgpt.site/references/53bf6dc8-5ffa-4fdb-8d96-96c6b5a4afc9/review.pdf

ANALYSIS JSON:
https://mohaned-reel-reference-lab.blsi.chatgpt.site/references/53bf6dc8-5ffa-4fdb-8d96-96c6b5a4afc9/analysis.json

TRANSCRIPT:
Six signs that a man suffers from loneliness. The first one is that he feels isolated even in public. So he'd rather just spend more time on his own. The second one is he spends a lot of his time numbing and distracting himself with social media or his unhealthy habits or addictions to actually soothe the loneliness that he feels. Number three, he stops taking care of himself and it leads to a lack of confidence, and results in him isolating even more. Number four, he has this deep yearning for the attention from women and the soothing touch from a woman to regulate the wound of loneliness. Number five, he overworks and doesn't have boundaries with his work because it's his cover-up for how he actually feels about himself when he's not working. Number six, he avoids home because home to him feels boring and isolating, yet it's just reminding him of how he actually felt as a little boy. Loneliness will show up in so many different ways depending on the strategies that you've developed to cope and manage from this disconnection from your soul.

TRANSCRIPT TIMING:
Unavailable; do not infer frame-to-speech alignment

CAPTION:
Keep reading 

Loneliness is the feeling of the wounded inner child, 

a sense of emptiness that a man carries that leaves him needing things to fill the void of the love that he needed as a boy.. 

Let me know your thoughts in the comments. 

Want a powerful 20 minute process that I take my private clients through to initiate into this work?

Comment ‘20’ & I’ll send it to your dm’s ❤️

Otherwise share this post with a friend and follow @ryanmoresbywhite
